>> Bianca Gandolfo: Who's really
excited about what they came up with?
Be proud.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Anyone,
you guys, let's hear it.
>> Speaker 2: So
I was thinking of a top level.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Guys,
try to talk into the microphone.
>> Speaker 2: I was thinking of
the top level array with three items.
The first item is
a string with a question.
The second item is a new array with
three items that represents what
you'd go to if you picked yes.
The third item, is the new array
with question, yes, no, options.
If you picked no, it'd just be
a deeply nested array of options.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: And it'd be a total mess.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, I like it.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I like it.
You're thinking outside of the box.
Outside of the array, so to speak, cool.
Whoever wants to go.
Everyone looks so excited.
>> Speaker 2: So if you just take the
objects and flatten them out into an array
and the yes or no is a pointer to
another object, is that linear?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, linear enough.
>> Speaker 2: Instead of nesting all the
objects inside of one another just flatten
it all out.
>> Speaker 3: And would you use
if statements then for pointers,
is that what you're saying, or?
>> Speaker 2: Just having
either an index or an ID.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: These are technically,
you can technically think of
these as pointers to another object, too.
So it's very similar.
So, still kinda nested,
still kinda nested is fine.
We're just exploring, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I have all
the objects in an array.
And then when you want to access
the left one or the right one,
there's an equation that tells you
which index you need to go to to find
what would be the left or
right child nominally.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Hm, okay, I like that.
In order to find the the yes or a no,
you have to do some index math, cool.
I think that's what you guys
were saying over here, right?
>> Speaker 4: I think so, yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
very cool, sounds like a heap.
should look into that, that was a fun one.
Cool, anyone else?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Awesome, so again that
was just like a exploratory exercise.
I don't want you to take whatever
I say here as the hard and fast,
only way you could possibly do this.
You'll see that we always have to consider
different ways of solving a problem.
And thinking about it,
trying to think about it in a way that
maybe doesn't necessarily make sense.
Can also lead to interesting
discoveries like a heap,
binary heap, which is a data
structure that you can use.
To do the same thing.
So this is a decision tree, right?
We have branching logic,
decision trees can be used
in all kinds of ways,
like not only recommending breakfast,
but also different logic.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I'm blanking on
a specific example, but they're all over.
Anyone use a decision tree before?
In my head I'm always using decision
trees, like okay, if I do this, then that.
But has anyone used it at work or
anything?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I feel like it's
kind of a product managey thing to
draw out these decision trees or
organizational logic.
Anyway, try to think outside of the box.
Whenever you're trying to solve a problem,
when you come up with the first solution,
stop yourself.
It's really hard, especially for me.
My style is, I get excited because
I figured out a solution and
then I just want to jump in and
code it right away.
But I have to restrain myself and sit and
think, okay, is there another way?
To solve the same problem.
And doing this day to day where it
doesn't have to be data structures and
algorithms or an interview context.
But say that you're creating an API for
component.
You're like, just do this.
Just take a step back and think,
is there another way I could do this,
maybe think of a couple different ways.
Just to make sure that
your way is the best way.
Cuz you know they're gonna
catch you in code review.
They're gonna be like, actually,
you can do it this way and
then you're gonna have to redo it.
So, just take a step back,
consider the pros and
cons of what you're doing,
consider a different way of doing it.
And then, proceed.